# Network Programming Assignment 4 - HTTP Proxy

## Introduction

This project implements a HTTP proxy server and HTTP command line client. The implementation uses HTTP/1.0.

## Team Members

### Aneesh Dixit
- **UIN:** 530006593 
- **Contributions:**  
  - Created and executed test cases
  - Developed the report
  - Developed README.md
      
### Ishan Ranjan
- **UIN:** 833002748
- **Contributions:**
  - Implemented and debugged HTTP client code
  - Implemented and debugged the HTTP proxy server
  - Added support for bonus features
  - Generated the ChatGPT code 

## Files

### Client (client.c)

- Start the server with the command: `client <IP address> <Port> <URL>`, specifying the listening port.

### Proxy Server (proxy.c)

- Start the server with the command: `proxy <IP address> <Port>`, specifying the listening port.
- **The proxy server implements the bonus features.**

### `include.h`

- Header file with function declarations and constants used throughout the codebase.

## Directory Structure

- `bin`: Contains the compiled binary executables.
- `include`: Houses the `include.h` header file.
- `obj`: Stores the object files generated during compilation.
- `src`: Contains the source code files for the server and client.

## Building and Running

1. Navigate to the project directory.

2. Optionally clean the project: `make clean`.

3. Compile the code and generate the binaries: `make -f Makefile`.

4. Start the server with the command: `proxy <IP address> <Port>`, specifying the listening port.

5. Send a request to the proxy server with the command `proxy <IP address> <Port>`.

## ChatGPT Code Enhancement

### 1. gpt-gen

This directory contains code generated by ChatGPT in response to the initial question prompt. The code provided here is based on the initial request without any modifications or improvements.

### 2. gpt-improved

This directory contains code that has been improved and refined by incorporating better practices, readability enhancements, and optimizations. The code in this directory represents a refined version of the code initially generated by the Team.
